[SIEMINT-80] DDSaaS: Contentful: Integration v1.0.0 (#18121)
DataDog/integrations-core: contentful/README.md

## Overview

[Contentful][1] is a content (articles, photos, and videos) management platform that allows businesses to create, manage, and deliver digital content across various channels like websites and mobile apps through its intuitive interface and robust APIs or SDKs.

> Integrate with Datadog to gain insights into Contentful activities related to content and other actions as part of your Contenful spaces and environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrate with Datadog to gain insights into Contentful activities related to content and other actions as part of your Contentful spaces and environments.
```

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to configure this integration for your Contentful space.

### Configuration

#### Webhook Configuration
Configure the Datadog endpoint to forward Contentful events as logs to Datadog. See [Contentful Webhook overview][2] for more details.

> 1. Select an existing API key or create a new one by clicking one of the buttons below:<!-- UI Component to be added by DataDog team -->

Reviewer: I don't know what the comment here is referring to.

I think this should just have a link to the API keys page.

Reviewer 2: This comment is kept here because someone from the UI Datadog team will build the UI tile for this integration and once it is developed we will remove this line from here.
Joel Calce will create a ticket for the same.

Reviewer: Okay - please let me know when this is complete and I will do another review.

Reviewer 3: Removed this line and replaced with link to the new tile.

2. Log in to your [Contenful account][3] as space admin.
3. Go to **Settings > Webhooks**.
4. Click on **Add Webhook**.

> 5. Add name and webhook URL generated from step 1.

Reviewer: As far as I see, step 1 did not generate a webhook URL, so this step seems wrong.

> 6. Ensure `POST` method is selected under **URL** and `Active` button is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. For **URL**, select the `POST` method, and for **Active**, select true.
```

> 7. Select the type of Content and Action events which you want to be pushed into Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select the type of Content and Action events that you want to push to Datadog.
```

> 8. Configure filters to trigger webhook for specific entities if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Configure filters to trigger the webhook for specific entities if required.
```

> 9. Select `application/json` under **Content type**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Under **Content type**, select `application/json`.
```

> 10. Select `Customize the webhook payload` under **Payload** section and paste below json in the input:
> ```
> {
>   "event": "{ /topic }",
>   "user": "{ /user/sys/id }",
>   "details": "{ /payload }"
> }
> ```
> 11. Click on **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Under **Payload**, select `Customize the webhook payload`, then paste the following into the input field:
    ```
    {
      "event": "{ /topic }",
      "user": "{ /user/sys/id }",
      "details": "{ /payload }"
    }
    ```
11. Click **Save**.
```

## Overview

[Contentful][1] is a content (articles, photos, and videos) management platform that allows businesses to create, manage, and deliver digital content across various channels like websites and mobile apps through its intuitive interface and robust APIs or SDKs.

Integrate with Datadog to gain insights into Contentful activities related to content and other actions as part of your Contentful spaces and environments.

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to configure this integration for your Contentful space.

### Configuration

#### Webhook Configuration
Configure the Datadog endpoint to forward Contentful events as logs to Datadog. See [Contentful Webhook overview][2] for more details.

1. Copy the generated URL inside the **Configuration** tab on the Datadog [Contentful integration tile][5].
2. Log in to your [Contenful account][3] as space admin.
3. Go to **Settings > Webhooks**.
4. Click on **Add Webhook**.

> 5. Add name and webhook URL generated from step 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add a name and fill in the webhook URL that you generated in step 1.
```

Reviewer: (Assuming this is still correct)
